2nd phase of deprecation of "x ident" in constr notation (now an error) (#14637)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/user-extensions/syntax-extensions.rst

   Check sigma z : nat, z = 0.

Note the :n:`@syntax_modifier x name` in the declaration of the

> notation. It tells to parse :g:`x` as a :n:`@name` (that is an
> :n:`@ident` or the unnamed variable :g:`_`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
notation. It indicates :g:`x` should be parsed as a :n:`@name` (i.e., an
:n:`@ident` or the unnamed variable :g:`_`).
```

```suggestion
notation. It indicates to parse :g:`x` as a :n:`@name` (that is an
```

   Set Warnings "+deprecated-ident-entry".

.. note:: As of version 8.13, the entry ``ident`` is a deprecated
          alias for ``name``. In the future, it may be changed to strictly

>           parse an identifier, like ``strict ident`` does (that is, excluding :g:`_`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          parse an :n:`@ident` excluding :g:`_` as ``strict ident`` does.
```

             due to legacy notation in the Coq standard library.
             It can be turned on with the ``-w disj-pattern-notation`` flag.

.. note::

>    The entry ``strict ident`` parses identifiers as in grammar entry
>    :n:`@ident`. The entry ``name`` parses :n:`@name`, that is
>    identifiers and :g:`_`. The entry ``global`` parses :n:`@qualid`
>    (and thus, as a special case, :n:`@ident`). The entry ``bigint``
>    parses arbitrary large integer numbers as in :n:`@bigint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``global``
     Parses :n:`@qualid` (and thus, as a special case, :n:`@ident`).
     
   ``bigint``
      Parses arbitrary large integer numbers as in :n:`@bigint`.

   ``strict ident``
     Parses identifiers as in grammar entry
     :n:`@ident`. The entry ``name`` parses :n:`@name`, which allows
     both :n:`@ident`\s and :g:`_`.
```

The order of these items should be the same as in the grammar.  And move this above all the notes, around line 1217

Author: OK, adding then a paragraph for `name` too I guess.

.. note::

>    As of version 8.13, the entry ``ident`` is a deprecated alias for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   As of version 8.16, the entry ``ident`` is a deprecated alias for
```

If correct

Author: Both 8.13 and 8.15 are incorrect. The deprecation was actually in 8.14.

   ``name``. If the intent is to use ``ident`` as an identifier
   (excluding :g:`_`), use ``strict ident`` instead.  In the future,

>    ``ident`` may be rebound to :n:`@ident`.  However, this does not
>    apply to custom entries, where ``ident`` already parses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``ident`` may be rebound to :n:`@ident`.  Note that this does not
   apply to custom entries, where ``ident`` already parses
```

>    :n:`@ident`. This does not apply either to binders parsed as
>    :n:`@term` but interpreted as identifiers where the ``as ident``
>    modifier already excludes :g:`_`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :n:`@ident`. Nor does it apply to binders parsed as
   :n:`@term` but interpreted as identifiers where the ``as ident``
   modifier already excludes :g:`_`.
```

"interpreted as identifiers" meaning it is a term that consists of a single \@ident?  Would you clarify?

Author: Yes, that's the point. I clarified.
